---
{"url": "https://www.actionnetwork.com/legal-online-sports-betting/betmgm-bonus-code-actionget-secure-150-bonus-offer-college-football-any-sport-today", "title": "BetMGM Bonus Code ACTIONGET: Secure $150 Bonus Offer for College Football, Any Sport Today", "published": "2025-08-28T12:20:53.000Z", "source": "actionnetwork.com", "ingested": "2025-09-27"}
---

When you sign up with the BetMGM bonus code ACTIONGET, place a $10+ first bet to get $150 in bonus bets if you win. Bet on any sport today, including NCAAF games. Your initial wager can be placed at any odds and due to the first bet win requirement, we strongly advise placing the bet on a heavy favorite. Use the BetMGM bonus code ACTIONGET to claim this offer now in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. BetMGM Bonus Code ACTIONGET: Bet College Football Games Thursday Place a $10+ first bet on college football games Thursday using the BetMGM bonus code ACTIONGET and get $150 in bonus bets if you win. Let's take a look at a betting example from one of today's top CFB games, Delaware State vs. Delaware at 7 p.m. ET, to demonstrate how this BetMGM promo works. Suppose I place a $10 first bet on the Delaware moneyline (-9000). While the odds may look absurdly short, this is the optimal way to approach this promo as you must win your first bet to claim the $150 bonus. Here is how the offer shakes out depending on the outcome of the bet on Delaware: - If my bet wins, I receive $0.11 in profit, my $10 stake back, and $150 in bonus bets. - If my bet loses, I lose my $10 stake and do not receive the $150 bonus. Other BetMGM Bonus Code Offers to Claim Now If you are not located in a state where the BetMGM bonus code ACTIONGET offer is available, there are two other sign-up promos up for grabs today. Take advantage of a 20% deposit match of up to $1.5K in sports bonus or a $1.5K first bet offer now. Let's take a look at how each BetMGM promo works. BetMGM Bonus Code TOPTAN1500: 20% Deposit Match Sign up with the BetMGM bonus code TOPTAN1500 now to get your initial deposit matched a 20% rate for up to $1.5K in sports bonus. This offer has a 10x rollover requirement that you must meet within 30 days to withdraw any of your winnings. For example, let's say I make an initial deposit of $3K at BetMGM. I receive $600 in sports bonus for this deposit amount and I must wager through $6K in bets within the 30-day period to withdraw any of the winnings I accrue with the bonus. BetMGM Bonus Code TOPACTION: $1.5K First Bet Promo Alternatively, register now with the BetMGM bonus code TOPACTION to secure a $1.5K first bet offer. Place your first bet, and if it loses, get back up to $1.5K in bonus bets to cover the amount of the loss. Suppose I place a $1K first bet on Cincinnati +6.5 (-110) in Nebraska vs. Cincinnati on ESPN at 9 p.m. ET: - If the bet wins, I receive $909.09 in profit and my $1K stake back. - If the bet loses, I receive $1K in bonus bets, distributed as five $200 bonus bets that expire after seven days. How to Claim Your BetMGM Promo: Thursday, August 28, 2025 Follow the steps outlined below to create your new account with the BetMGM bonus code today: - Click any sign-up module on this page to create a new BetMGM Sportsbook account. - Once redirected, select your state and click "Register" in the top right corner to begin registration. - Enter your personal information, including your email address, name, date of birth, phone number, home address, and the last four digits of your SSN. Then, create a user ID and password. - Accept the BetMGM Terms & Conditions, set security questions, and confirm your age and eligibility. - Use the BetMGM bonus codeACTIONGET for a $150 bet-and-get offer, BetMGM bonus codeTOPTAN1500 for a 20% deposit match promo, or BetMGM bonus codeTOPACTION for a $1,500 first bet promo. - Make an initial deposit using any available banking method. - Place your first bet on college football or any other sports betting market via the BetMGM app or site. 21+. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER. Offer available in MI, NJ, PA, WV. Please Gamble Responsibly. Participant must complete the Wagering Requirements. Bonus Bets Expire in 7 Days. US Promotional Offers Not Available in MS, NY, ON, or PR. Visit BetMGM.com for Terms & Conditions. 21+. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IN, KS, KY, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, PA, TN, WV, WY. Call 877-8-HOPENY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). Call 1-800-327-5050 (MA). Please Gamble Responsibly. Call 1-800-NEXT-STEP (AZ), 1-800-522-4700 (KS, NV), 1-800-BETS-OFF (IA). Participant must complete the Wagering Requirements and satisfy the (10x) playthrough requirement. Deposit Match unavailable in IL, LA, OH and VA. US Promotional Offers Not Available in MS, NY, ON, or PR. Visit BetMGM.com for Terms & Conditions. 21+. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, LA, KS, KY, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, WV, WY. Call 877-8-HOPENY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). Call 1-800-327-5050 (MA). Please Gamble Responsibly. Call 1-800-NEXT-STEP (AZ), 1-800-522-4700 (KS, NV), 1-800-BETS-OFF (IA). Participant must complete the Wagering Requirements. Bonus Bets Expire in 7 Days. US Promotional Offers Not Available in MS, NY, ON, or PR. Visit BetMGM.com for Terms & Conditions.