---
{"url": "https://www.actionnetwork.com/legal-online-sports-betting/fanatics-sportsbook-promo-code-action-bet-1-get-100-for-josh-allen-tnf-boost-100-no-sweat-bet-100-fancash-dolphins-vs-bills-thursday-night-football-today", "title": "Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION: Bet $1, Get $100 Cash With Josh Allen TNF Boost", "published": "2025-09-17T19:10:01.000Z", "source": "actionnetwork.com", "ingested": "2025-09-27"}
---

Sign up today using the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION and claim an exclusive TNF Boost for Josh Allen and the Buffalo Bills in the Week 3 Thursday Night Football game vs. the Miami Dolphins. Score a 100-to-1 Josh Allen TNF Boost now through Thursday at 6 p.m. ET with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION. With the Fanatics Sportsbook TNF Boost promo code ACTION, you only need to bet $1 on Josh Allen to record 5+ passing yards, and you get $100 in cash. Use the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION to sign up today and get $100 in FanCash, a $100 No Sweat Football Bet, and the $100 Josh Allen TNF Boost offer for tomorrow's Dolphins vs. Bills Thursday Night Football game. Click the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION sign-up module below to claim your welcome bonus now. Don't miss your chance to bet on the NFL and use the 100-to-1 odds boost on a $1 bet on Josh Allen to record 5+ passing yards, plus $100 in FanCash guaranteed, and a $100 No Sweat Football Bet for Thursday Night Football. Bet on Dolphins vs. Bills NFL odds and watch Week 3 Thursday Night Football at 8:15 p.m. ET on Prime Video. Sign up today and claim the Fanatics Sportsbook TNF Boost promo code ACTION to unlock a 100-to-1 odds boost on Josh Allen passing yards now. Fanatics Sportsbook TNF Boost Promo Code ACTION: Score $100 Josh Allen Boost Now Use the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION to unlock your $100 TNF Boost for the Dolphins vs. Bills game on Thursday, September 18, 2025. Sign up now by clicking ACTION in the chart below: |Fanatics Sportsbook |Sign-Up Bonus Information |States Available |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION |New Users: Bet $1, Get $100 CASH If Josh Allen Throws For 5+ Yds |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, VT, WV, WY |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION |Bet $10 Get $100 In FanCash + Up To $100 Back In FanCash Every Football Gameday |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, VT, WV, WY |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION |Bet $50, Get $250 in FanCash |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, VT, WV, WY |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION |Bet and Get Up to $1,000 in FanCash |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, NC, OH, TN, VA, VT, WY |Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo Code ACTIONNY |20+ $25 No Sweat Football Bets |New York |Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo Code ACTIONNY |Get a 100% Profit Boost Token for 5 Days |New York Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION: Bet on Dolphins vs. Bills Thursday Night Football Once you register a new sportsbook account with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION, bet on these Dolphins vs. Bills Thursday Night Football odds: Dolphins vs. Bills Game Info - Date: Thursday, September 28, 2025 - Time: 8:15 p.m. ET - Channel: Prime Video (Streaming) - Location: Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park, NY - Dolphins vs. Bills Moneyline: Dolphins (+550) | Bills (-800) - Dolphins vs. Bills Spread: Dolphins +12 (-110) | Bills -12 (-110) - Dolphins vs. Bills Total: Over 49.5 Points (-110) | Under 49.5 Points (-110) Fanatics Sportsbook Fair Play Policy Fanatics Sportsbook protects bettors who place player prop bets by issuing bonus bets if a player gets injured. If an injury occurs during the qualifying period (see below), Fanatics Sportsbook refunds the wager to prevent a loss. The sport-specific rules under the Fanatics Sportsbook Fair Play Policy are: - NFL: If a player suffers an injury in the first quarter and does not return. - NBA & WNBA: If a player suffers an injury in the first quarter and cannot return. - NHL: If a player suffers an injury in the first period and does not play again. - MLB Pitchers: If a starting pitcher throws at least one pitch but leaves before recording three outs. - MLB Batters: If a batter takes one plate appearance but cannot continue due to injury. - Golf: If a golfer begins the tournament but withdraws before starting round two. How to Sign Up for Fanatics Sportsbook Today Follow the steps below to sign up with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION and bet on Dolphins vs. Bills TNF now: - Use the following link or any sign-up module on this page to access the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION welcome bonus. - Download the Fanatics Sportsbook app with the QR code on the sign-up page. - Fill in your personal information, including your name, address, and email to create a new account. - Review and accept the Fanatics Sportsbook T&Cs. - Make a deposit of at least $10 using any available banking method. - Place a $10 first bet at -500 odds or longer to lock in $100 in FanCash today. - To reap the benefits of the Josh Allen TNF Boost, opt-in and bet $1 on Allen to tally 5+ passing yards. - You also get a $100 No Sweat Bet for Thursday Night Football, so be sure to use that as well. After you sign up with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION, check out what other sportsbooks are legal in your state to max out the available bonus bets for new users. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VT, VA, WV, or WY. Must sign up by 9/30/25. Apply offer in bet slip; place $1+ American football cash wager w/ odds +300 or longer each Game Day. Wager must settle as loss to qualify for FanCash equal to the amount of losing wager (up to $100 FanCash per Game Day). Opt in; place $10+ on any market w/ odds -500 or longer within 7 days of sign up to get $100 FanCash. Rewards expire 10/31/25. Terms, including FanCash terms apply-see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, NY, OH, PA, TV, VA, VT, WV, WY. Must opt-in and wager $10+ cash on any market with odds of -500 or longer to receive $50 in FanCash each day for your first 5 days (issued when qualifying wager settles). Your 5 days begin the day you establish your account. See full Promo Terms and FanCash terms in the Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, NC, OH, TN, VT, VA or WY only. Must apply this promotion in your bet slip and place a $1+ cash wager with odds of -500 or longer each day for 10 straight days. Your 10 days begin the day you establish your account. Wager must settle as a loss to qualify for FanCash. FanCash will equal the amount of the losing wager(s) (up to $100 in FanCash per day) and expire 7 days from issuance. This offer is not available in NY. Terms apply- see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in NY only. Must sign up by 9/30/25. Apply offer in bet slip; place $1+ American football cash wager w/ odds +300 or longer each Game Day. Wager must settle as loss to qualify for FanCash equal to the amount of losing wager (up to $25 FanCash per Game Day). Rewards expire 10/31/25. Terms, including FanCash terms apply-see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in NY only. Must create an account to receive one (1) 100% Profit Boost token per day for 5 days straight (max stake $25; min. odds -500 or longer). Profit Boost Tokens must be applied in bet slip & expire 24 hours from issuance. See full Promo Terms in the Fanatics Sportsbook app