---
{"url": "https://www.actionnetwork.com/legal-online-sports-betting/fanatics-sportsbook-ny-promo-code-actionny-claim-best-bills-jets-betting-promo-10-25-no-sweat-bets", "title": "Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo Code ACTIONNY: Claim Best Bills vs. Jets Betting Promo with 10+ $25 No Sweat Bets", "published": "2025-09-14T14:20:02.000Z", "source": "actionnetwork.com", "ingested": "2025-09-27"}
---

Register for a new account today using the Fanatics Sportsbook NY promo code ACTIONNY to bet on any NFL games in Week 2, including Bills vs. Jets. Get 10+ $25 No Sweat Bet opportunities across qualifying football game days through the end of October with the best Bills vs. Jets betting promo today. Each day, place a bet and get back up to $25 in FanCash if you lose. To claim this offer, use the Fanatics Sportsbook NY promo code ACTIONNY and click the module below. An alternative Fanatics Sportsbook promo in New York is available to choose instead. Sign up for a new account and get five days of 100% Profit Boost Tokens. |Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo |Legal Sports Betting States |Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo Code |Get 10+ $25 No Sweat Bets FanCash Back if Your Football Bet Loses |NY |ACTIONNY |Sign Up and Get a 100% Profit Boost Token For 5 Days |NY |ACTIONNY Fanatics Sportsbook NY Promo Code ACTIONNY: Bet with Best Bills vs. Jets Betting Promo Today Sign up for a new account with the Fanatics Sportsbook NY promo code ACTIONNY to bet Bills vs. Jets or any other game today. Remember, you get 10+ $25 FanCash No Sweat Bets across qualifying game days in the NFL and NCAAF through the end of the next month. Let's look at how one of these No Sweat Bets works. Suppose I place a $25 bet on the Jets +6.5 (-110) vs. the Bills: - If the bet wins, I receive $22.73 in profit and my $25 stake back. - If the bet loses, I receive $25 in FanCash. You can continue to take advantage of this promo throughout future weeks of the NFL season when you register with the Fanatics Sportsbook NY promo code ACTIONNY. Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code ACTION: Offers Available Outside of New York There are three different welcome offers available to choose from outside of New York with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION. Take a look at the chart below for more information about where each offer is available to claim. |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo |Legal Sports Betting States |Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code |Bet $10 Get $100 In FanCash + Up To $100 Back In FanCash Every Football Gameday |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, VT, WV, WY |ACTION |Bet $50, Get $250 FanCash |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VA, VT, WV, WY |ACTION |Bet and Get Up to $1,000 in FanCash |AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, NC, OH, TN, VA, VT, WY |ACTION Fanatics Sportsbook Fair Play Policy Fanatics Sportsbook protects its users with the new Fair Play policy. This policy refunds your stake is unique situations where you bet an Over in the player prop market for a player that sustains an injury early on in a game. The sport-specific rules for the Fair Play policy are as follows: - NFL: Fanatics refunds the bet if a player gets injured in the first quarter and does not return. - NBA & WNBA: Fanatics refunds the bet if a player suffers an injury in the first quarter and cannot continue playing. - NHL: Fanatics refunds the bet if a player is injured in the first period and does not return to the game. - MLB Pitchers: Fanatics refunds the bet if a starting pitcher throws at least one pitch but exits before recording three outs. - MLB Batters: Fanatics refunds the bet if a batter takes a plate appearance but cannot proceed due to injury. - Golf: Fanatics refunds the bet if a golfer starts the tournament but withdraws before the second round begins. Fanatics Sportsbook Sign-Up Steps on Sunday, September 14, 2025 Follow the steps below to sign up with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo now and bet on any sport, including NCAAF: - Use the following link or any sign-up module on this page to access the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code ACTION. - Download the Fanatics Sportsbook app with the QR code on the sign-up page. - Fill in your personal information, including your name, address, and email to create a new account. - Review and accept the Fanatics Sportsbook T&Cs. - Make a deposit of at least $10 using any available banking method. - Place your first bet on Bills vs. Jets or any other sports betting market with -500 odds or longer. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, OH, PA, TN, VT, VA, WV, or WY. Must sign up by 9/30/25. Apply offer in bet slip; place $1+ American football cash wager w/ odds +300 or longer each Game Day. Wager must settle as loss to qualify for FanCash equal to the amount of losing wager (up to $100 FanCash per Game Day). Opt in; place $10+ on any market w/ odds -500 or longer within 7 days of sign up to get $100 FanCash. Rewards expire 10/31/25. Terms, including FanCash terms apply-see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, MI, NC, NJ, NY, OH, PA, TV, VA, VT, WV, WY. Must opt-in and wager $10+ cash on any market with odds of -500 or longer to receive $50 in FanCash each day for your first 5 days (issued when qualifying wager settles). Your 5 days begin the day you establish your account. See full Promo Terms and FanCash terms in the Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in AZ, CO, CT, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, NC, OH, TN, VT, VA or WY only. Must apply this promotion in your bet slip and place a $1+ cash wager with odds of -500 or longer each day for 10 straight days. Your 10 days begin the day you establish your account. Wager must settle as a loss to qualify for FanCash. FanCash will equal the amount of the losing wager(s) (up to $100 in FanCash per day) and expire 7 days from issuance. This offer is not available in NY. Terms apply- see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in NY only. Must sign up by 9/30/25. Apply offer in bet slip; place $1+ American football cash wager w/ odds +300 or longer each Game Day. Wager must settle as loss to qualify for FanCash equal to the amount of losing wager (up to $25 FanCash per Game Day). Rewards expire 10/31/25. Terms, including FanCash terms apply-see Fanatics Sportsbook app. New customers in NY only. Must create an account to receive one (1) 100% Profit Boost token per day for 5 days straight (max stake $25; min. odds -500 or longer). Profit Boost Tokens must be applied in bet slip & expire 24 hours from issuance. See full Promo Terms in the Fanatics Sportsbook app